README.md, before:

[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Christian_Grimberg-blue?logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/christiangrimberg/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/christiangrimberg/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/ChristianGrimberg?style=social)](https://github.com/ChristianGrimberg)

# 👋 ¡Bienvenido/a! Soy Christian Grimberg

<img align="right" alt="Coding" src="img/code.gif?raw=true" width="220" />

**Administrador de Sistemas & Arquitecto de Soluciones** con más de 10 años de experiencia en la industria farmacéutica. Apasionado por la tecnología, la automatización, la nube y la mejora continua. Enfocado siempre en aprender, compartir y enfrentar nuevos retos.

---

## ⚡ Sobre mí

- 🔭 Trabajo en [Laboratorios Novocap](https://github.com/novocap), donde combino mi pasión por la tecnología y la innovación.
- ☁️ Experto en sistemas, redes, bases de datos y tecnologías Cloud desde 2012.
- 🐧 Fan de Linux (Debian lover) y la filosofía Open Source.
- 🧑‍💻 Mi primer lenguaje fue SQL DEV (procedural), hoy prefiero los lenguajes orientados a objetos.
- 🤖 En constante formación: automatización, CI/CD, DevOps y nuevas tecnologías.
- 💡 Creo en el aprendizaje continuo y en la colaboración como motor de crecimiento profesional.
- ✨ Siempre abierto a colaborar en proyectos interesantes y desafiantes.

---

## 🛠️ Tecnologías & Herramientas

<p>
  <img alt="C Sharp" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Go" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="C" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ANSI_C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="C++" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SQL Server" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL_Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MariaDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Bash" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Powershell" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Powershell-0089D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Kubernetes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="GitHub Actions" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Azure" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0089D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Arduino" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Raspberry Pi" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=raspberry-pi&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SAP" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SAP-0FAAFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=sap&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Debian" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Debian-d70a53?style=for-the-badge&logo=debian&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="VSCode" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 📈 Estadísticas de GitHub

![](img/gridbar.png)

![ChristianGrimberg's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=christiangrimberg&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&layout=compact)
<!--
![ChristianGrimberg's Most Used Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ChristianGrimberg&layout=compact&hide=html&theme=dark)
-->

---

## 🤝 ¿Colaboramos?

Siempre estoy abierto a nuevas oportunidades, ideas y colaboraciones. Si tienes un proyecto interesante o simplemente quieres conectar, ¡no dudes en escribirme!

- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/christiangrimberg/)
- 🐙 [GitHub](https://github.com/ChristianGrimberg)

---

> “La tecnología es mejor cuando une a las personas.”  
> — Matt Mullenweg

---

Commit message:

:memo: Change README to english language.

README.md, after:

[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Christian_Grimberg-blue?logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/christiangrimberg/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/christiangrimberg/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/ChristianGrimberg?style=social)](https://github.com/ChristianGrimberg)

# 👋 Welcome! I'm Christian Grimberg

<img align="right" alt="Coding" src="img/code.gif?raw=true" width="220" />

**Systems Administrator & Solutions Architect** with over 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Passionate about technology, automation, cloud computing, and continuous improvement. Always focused on learning, sharing, and taking on new challenges.

---

## ⚡ About Me

- 🔭 I work at [Laboratorios Novocap](https://github.com/novocap), where I combine my passion for technology and innovation.
- ☁️ Expert in systems, networks, databases, and Cloud technologies since 2012.
- 🐧 A fan of Linux (Debian lover) and the Open Source philosophy.
- 🧑‍💻 My first language was SQL DEV (procedural); today, I prefer object-oriented languages.
- 🤖 Continuously learning: automation, CI/CD, DevOps, and new technologies.
- 💡 I believe in continuous learning and collaboration as drivers of professional growth.
- ✨ Always open to collaborating on interesting and challenging projects.

---

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

<p>
  <img alt="C Sharp" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Go" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="C" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ANSI_C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="C++" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SQL Server" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL_Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="MariaDB" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Bash" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Powershell" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Powershell-0089D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Kubernetes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="GitHub Actions" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Azure" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0089D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Arduino" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Raspberry Pi" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=raspberry-pi&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="SAP" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SAP-0FAAFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=sap&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Debian" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Debian-d70a53?style=for-the-badge&logo=debian&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="VSCode" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

![](img/gridbar.png)

![ChristianGrimberg's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=christiangrimberg&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&layout=compact)
---

## 🤝 Let's Collaborate!

I'm always open to new opportunities, ideas, and collaborations. If you have an interesting project or simply want to connect, feel free to reach out!

- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/christiangrimberg/)
- 🐙 [GitHub](https://github.com/ChristianGrimberg)

---

> “Technology is best when it brings people together.”
> — Matt Mullenweg

---
